you want to do this i-team report right
now Paula it's ready if you want oh my
goodness is this gonna ruin the rest of
the day for one of us the motto of our
news team is we don't break news we
sprained it
let's go to the newsroom point Dan this
story's gonna shock a lot of people not
the people in this room but a lot of
others the Dan Patrick show bracket
challenge your brackets were due at 12
o'clock yesterday there was a window
where you could turn it in technically
right up until the first tip now Andrew
mclovin Perloff entered two brackets in
the end in the tournament challenge now
we found this out because during the box
score yesterday after the first game
started he goes man I really want to
change my picks I said to him you can't
they've already tipped out because well
I'll figure something out I go back and
a source in the back room says McLovin
got two brackets so here's the thing he
tried to put two brackets in for himself
and we went and did a little forensic
research both brackets were not filled
out completely the first bracket was not
saved the one that was on time he didn't
save which would have been okay the one
he tried to fill out after the deadline
obviously null and void so he has two
brackets with no picks in them he is
tied with himself for last place in the
bracket challenge back to you okay
there should be ramifications here other
than the embarrassment of finishing last
in the bracket challenge twice you know
I'm gonna let you guys decide form a
punishment there for McLovin he should
be taught a lesson
because you're the one that you know
you're you're handing in these bracket
challenges and you're looking at the you
know the scores here and your tabulate
and you're doing all this stuff here
well there's a there's an explanation do
you want to hear it no it's like the
accountant there's money laundering
you're the accountant this is this is
bracket laundering and you left a paper
trail McLovin I'm gonna let you guys
decide over there what happens to me I
have a very good excuse okay
if you want to base your punishment on
just how valid your excuse is are you
willing to do that right now yes okay
let me hear basically this is I will go
samuel l.jackson i will strike down upon
me Sarika
here's what happened the sign in it's
actually a website that my wife uses to
and she needed to make a diapers.com
order yesterday so she signed in and
that's why my bracket had her name on it
so there were two brackets and there was
some confusion with the guys in the back
which bracket was eligible and basically
my wife filled in a bracket unbeknownst
to me and handed it in so I didn't think
that I had two brackets all because we
needed more diapers from diapers calm
all right nice plug for diapers don't
come but we're gonna do bunk that Paulie
Dan I could debunk that immediately his
initial bracket The Andrews agreeable
bracket was not completely filled out
were saved so that one is has nothing on
it though it was on time the bracket
that was late was Sarah's bracket which
was after the deadline which was null
and void hey you guys come up with a
punishment and you know what it doesn't
matter human sacrifice you want to burn
him at the stake it doesn't matter to me
it's up to you guys
All Right see you all right with that
sure well not human sacrifice but
punishing Andrew okay all right so we'll
do that I mean we do made you flinch bog
in with you I'm not sure